F - Berkeley thought that we perceive an object's Primary Qualities
T - Berkeley thought that Locke was committed to logical contradictions
T - Berkeley believed that the only thing that exists is ideas
T - Berkeley believed that for something to exist, it has to be perceived
T - Berkeley argued that a bucket of water can be both warm and cold at the same time

F - Descartes thought that volitions are the domain of epistemological errors.
F - Descartes believes that because most perceptions are accurate, we can generally trust them.
F - Descartes believed that the shape, color, and scent of wax are all part of the essence or identity of the wax itself.
F - Descartes believed we directly perceive properties of objects such as color and aroma.

T - According to Locke, we do not experience reality directly
T - Locke thought that objects exist independently of any mind
T - Locke thought that Primary qualities were inherent in the object
T - Locke thought that we perceive Secondary Qualities as we do because of our sense faculties

F - Moore thought he could prove he was not dreaming.
F - Moore argues that physical objects are mind-dependent.
T - Moore believes that you can know things that you cannot prove

F - For Nguyen, the ultimate purpose of striving play is striving to win.
F - For Nguyen, the motivational structure of playing a game is like any other motivational structure.
F - Nguyen believes that the best thing game players can do while playing games is striving to win.
T - Nguyen thinks that what he calls 'Stupid Games' are just as much games as other games

T - For Suits, playing games involves a voluntary attempt to overcome unnecessary obstacles.
F - By his own definition, Suits thinks that 'bag on head' (a stupid game) is not actually a game

F - Wittgenstein thinks that Moore should say that he only believes that he has two hands
F - Wittgenstein thought that everything that we believe ultimately has some ground or justification.
F - Wittgenstein thought that every claim about the world could be coherently doubted

T - A Reductio ad Absurdum argument begins by assuming the opposite of what you want to prove



